In the last lecture we finished a configuration of all the while conflict falls for our workflow.
Now in the package Jason File I want to add a new script here and the script section and I will name
it build.
The name is up to you though and I want to run my web page dev server in inline mode.
I want to lock the progress.
You can set the ports here like this alternative to ADHD and I want to use a specific config file.
The webpage conflict that def started Jarius file.
Now with this let's try running it.
Let's try running NPM run built.
Does looks OK.
Let's now wisit the page and we get an error here.
This error is pretty clear.
No base ref set.
So it's an error on my part.
We need to adjust our age table file and set the base ref here in the head section so that Engler knows
what our base your L is.
So let's say does it will automatically recompile.
And that looks much better we see the home page and we can switch the user's page.
Let's see if lazy loading works.
I'll go to a network page and reload this app.
Make sure to disable caches checked here and now watch the network click on users.
It loaded the chunk.
So Dad is all working credit good.
Let's now work on the production workflow using ahead of time computation.